doc/readme : make clear that the links are just examples (#845)
replicatedhq/troubleshoot: README.md

 and run:
 
```

> # It is ONLY an example. Do **not** use to validate cluster state.

Author: ```suggestion
# It is ONLY an example. Do **not** use to validate real scenarios.
```

 and run:
 
```

> # It is ONLY an example. Do **not** use to validate applications.

Author: ```suggestion
# It is ONLY an example. Do **not** use to validate real scenarios.
```
